oh good three scoops be here in
Edinburgh until you get you ready please
sleep well good guess from them there's
a lot of press interest in this cake
that's my boy in watching of our wedding
and I don't know a lot about weddings
much a google wedding and apparently
wedding is the cognitive process of
understanding of mental illness crisis
services reading off we start giving she
remembers the Nazis in ostalgie Chisholm
mega i speaking of the Nazis was
successful in creating an Aryan race
they would have let the Germans with a
very difficult version of the game guess
who now a few people like you people
didn't laughs what goodies I'm going to
explain not sure I don't know if you
know this right the Aryan race is a
group of people who face away their
mental are the same yeah yes do yeah
yeah people get on board now yes sir
we're about to set sail for guests
you guys for singular person from their
facial differences so it wouldn't of
words good and emotive in generic the
Germans will just completely slipped me
I do again soon maybe go for a Holocaust
fun this game my costume quite quite
dangerous jokes are making a competition
final especially with this amount of
smoke we use just any goods being stolen
again the first thing I saw when I come
to Scotland was a trunk collapsed
outside my front connecting him a
Scottish paramedic and this is my first
glimpse of the Scottish medical system
of all the techniques in this crime is
asked want to help some unconscious this
is the one he went for just four get a
trampling and here is worse good book
which removes don't pull of the moon and
the village gosh I really genuinely sad
to this one is a legitimate medical
technique was a girl keep walking you to
your wake up excellent if the slowest
one for systems are easy to get in
trying to drink myself so I'll turn up
to a crime scene be told this one's got
serious head trauma
unconscious but 30 minutes ago a
terrible car crash dr. Smith so many
ideas you know go for you wake up wake
up wait I did anything like I want to
tell you a quick story for my testicles
and I don't know I had a testicular
cancer check of a while ago I'm gonna
conjure but what they do is it put some
gel on your testicles so they can scan
and then there's trying to comfort me
about the whole situation she said I
don't worry you this is just a few i'll
go in jelly all over your testicles
where i'm going to get that reference
point from my microphone I just don't be
telling you testicles off icons I'm
always will be telling their testicles
you should have send a little
pre-prepared I had jelly my disposal
washed off going on the phone
but I don't can be harsh on though
though to be fair because I was also a
children's birthday pie that got out of
hand my house up here the farm job now I
feel like a joke about such child abuse
and things like that because my parents
either hit me very badly when I was very
very young someone my fin straight away
women knowing they did you think it was
very very own glass of hicks i believe
the circle of life so when they're very
very Hall I stayed back time and on the
stroke it give me victory who remembers
a TV program kids say the funniest
things so really cooking light
reversible you and I speaking if that
program was to come back with Michael
Barlow still as host possibly more
appropriate to call the kids they got me
I go now if you're not fill our job i
knows a few people that did their role i
want our job because Michael my mom was
never accused of child sex offences just
rounding homosexuals and the Holy Spirit
mission drowning homosexual same applies
Oh
the screen for help pull over safely for
either love Ian Smith because the morals
are not sure we disgusting although I
would watch a celebrity version and i
want to show anyone across few things
then i'm going to show you my face hurt
me at home and I had an outgoing the
whole day to vail about being in this
final and there are cool so we can
deliver two main reasons one is that
they chose to use a picture which are
commonly friend describes meows the kind
of picture that would get you raped in
prison see those good to see a public
good to see in them but I think that
this knockwurst is that they probably
called me as described in my comedic
style they called me a saying always
you're honest unlike you auntie
unpretentious others worse Oh what's she
calling like you pretentious I just
think I'm skewer cultural references the
people gather my little
oh shit man by steve shit what you went
to the doctor negligent i just opened
last i'm going to show you is a thing
that used to scare me most of our
primary school if it looks like I'm
shakin any point I'm not nervous I'm
just don't wanna cook I found out about
that student because it just gets a
little but I think it genuinely
suspending most about my time in primary
school generally shit myself every time
they would be announcements with school
fuzz because I would always close my
eyes I think this for five years in a
row by these relax will time to color
blush I did it so often than my parents
would take a picture of my eyes
separately so they could stick it on a
later day I was like a 2d version with
the potato I'm good one mom I commented
far away so we would send these pictures
up twin sister Sarah Branson was doing
five years in a row she was a boy was
retarded I went on one year MRI which
completely shunned me she loved me she
recognized go home I fell asleep on the
sofa she's an alien than you are I woke
up again she said what's happening I its
tribute of Mendelian if you feed
yourself while I chances of this
happening finding zeros or more gonna
come up Russia's while the chances of
that happening I've been pictures a lot
of choices if you had a picture taken
with his brother they could both do it
at the same time